Common symptoms for an obscured airway are an Inability to speak cough or breath, high pitched squeaky noises, Flushed (red) skin that becomes bluish or paler than normal, A look of panic with wide eyes, or hands clutching the throat.
Toys smaller than 4 cm (1.5 in.) in diameter are choking hazards for babies and toddlers. Use the following guideline: if an object can fit through a toilet paper tube, it is not safe for children younger than 4 years old.
Steps to perform back blows: \nStand behind the person (or kneel, if you are significantly taller) and wrap one arm diagonally across the person’s chest. 2. Bend the person forward at the waist until the upper airway is at least parallel to the ground. 3. With the heel of your free hand, deliver up to 5 firm back blows between the shoulder blades.
Steps to perform abdominal thrusts: \n1. Stand behind the person and ensure that your stance is stable. If the person is much shorter than you are, it may be more effective to kneel. 2. Wrap your arms around the person’s waist, make a fist, and place it just above the belly button. 3. Cover your fist with your other hand and give up to 5 quick, inward and upward thrusts into the person’s abdomen.
In any case where a victim becomes unconscious, CPR should be started, preferably with an AED. Since the victim was choking and had insufficient oxygen, cpr should be started with breaths. After giving breaths and performing once cycle of CPR, the through should be checked for the object, and the ability to remove it.
If possible, send someone to call EMS/9-1-1 immediately and get an AED while you care for the person. If you are alone, immediately begin providing care for complete choking, conducting CPR if victim becomes unconscious, one victim becomes unconscious, calling 911 is a major priority (using self judgement if you can run to go call 911). 
Although closure of the throat is a common symptom, anaphylaxis is actually an acute allergic reaction to an antigen (e.g., a bee sting) to which the body has become hypersensitive to. This is life threatening and A major difference between anaphylaxis and other allergic reactions is that anaphylaxis typically involves more than one system of the body reacting. 
As Anaphylaxis can involve more than one system of the body (like the digestive system), diarrhea is actually pretty common. In addition, the most common symptom is that of a swollen throat, but red rash is also very common. Other symptoms include wheezing, passing out, chest tightness, vomiting, stomach cramps, etc. There have been no reported cases of hallucinations in an anaphylaxis reaction.
When treating a victim, CPR should only be started if their breathing stops. They can become unconscious because of the shock involved with anaphylaxis, meaning they usually regain consciousness after a few seconds. But, sometimes the victims throat can completely close as a result of not having an adrenaline, at which CPR would only then have to be started.
Anaphylaxis is a very dramatic event that can occur to someone who is allergic to something. When approaching a victim is important to first reassure and calm them down, as this can drastically help with their symptoms (increased heart rate from panic = greater symptoms as blood is circulating faster-reacting more with the antigen). Shortly after, then 911 should be called immediately, and then begin treating.
Every person with a hypersensitive allergy should be carrying 2 epipens. One adrenaline (epinephrine) shot lasts approximately 10-20 minutes, meaning if the ambulance has not arrived and the victims symptoms return, a second epinephrine shot should be administered.
In most other cases, a victim should always be the one actually administering the medicine (e.x. You can help by giving them a pill, but they have to actually bring it to their mouth), which is a legal consent guideline. BUT, in 2012, a Allergy Medicine Act was passed which states that a rescuer can administer an Adrenaline shot to any aged victim in any situation where it is required.
Needles should never be disposed in the garbage as they have the ability to poke and infect someone with a blood related illness. When epipens get used, new ones can be acquired at the nearest pharmacy for free of charge. It is always important to put the needles in a poke proof disposal container to negate the change of poking someone, when the paramedics arrive, they could ask for the epipens but usually just telling them about how many doses were given is sufficient.
Asthma is a condition that usually develops in a person's child years. It is a chronic illness that causes there to be inflammation of the air passages that results in a temporary narrowing of the airways that carry oxygen to the lungs. This can be caused by different triggers that are specific to each victim (e.g. running, etc.);
As mentioned previously, every victim can have very different triggers for their asthma attacks, ranging from respiratory infections, to just temperature differences. But, asthma cannot be caused by a person rapidly breathing on their own, unless while encountering an external stress (i.e. running).
Pursed lip is always important, as asthmatics have trouble getting air out. This is done by having the victim breath in through their nose then breath out through their mouth with pucker lips (like blowing through a straw). If the victim has a puffer or any different medication for his/her angina, that should also be taken while treating for shock (putting victim in comfortable position, warming them, etc.). 911 on the other hand, should only be called if the victims condition worsens after all treatment is conducted.
Puffers and steroid medications do not fall under the medicine act that was mentioned before (for epipens), meaning that as a rescuer you may not administer the dose of medicine for the victim. You may assist in holding their hands and bringing it to their mouth, but they must be the ones that press the puffer button and administer the medicine.
