You may start treatment on a victim when:
You may stop treatment on a victim when:
What do you do first when responding to an unwitnessed, unconscious child?
What are the “3 Ps” of First Aid?
In a primary assessment, if the victim is unresponsive and non-breathing, you give 2 rescue breaths and start chest compressions.
When you send a bystander to call EMS, the information he or she should provide is:
Why  is it important to use barrier devices(gloves, pocket mask) when doing CPR?
For which of the following would you use gloves?
Somebody suffering from shock may look:
What should you do for victims suffering from shock?
If a wound continues to bleed through a dressing bandage, you should:
If you are alone, when should you activate EMS for a 6-year-old unresponsive victim?
If your conscious adult victim is choking and cannot speak or cough, you should first:
If your choking victim goes unconscious, you should immediately:
The appropriate ratio of chest compressions to breaths for an unconscious, choking adult is:
You should put an unconscious victim in recovery (semi-prone) position because:
Which of the following are acceptable methods of doing rescue breathing?
When a victim vomits during rescue breathing, you should:
For a conscious, asthmatic victim with medication, you should:
What are some signs and symptoms of a heart attack?
A stroke is similar to a heart attack, except that it involves the blood vessels which supply the brain:
Jo-Ann’s grandmother is having weakness in her left arm and left leg. She is also anxious and disoriented. Jo-Ann should:
The ratio of compressions to breaths for one-rescuer adult  CPR is:
You do not need to call EMS if an AED unit is on site with trained personnel.
A puncture or stab wound should be treated:
A mother comes to you with a conscious, choking infant. When do you activate EMS?
The ratio of chest compressions to breaths for one-rescuer, infant CPR is 30:2.
If you are alone and find an unresponsive non-breathing infant, you should?
A temporary chest pain that can be brought on by increased physical activity, stress or agitation is called:
In two-person CPR, when the second rescuer arrives, she should:
A compound (or open) fracture is:
Signs and symptoms of hypothermia are:
When treating heat stroke, you need to remember to contact EMS and cool the victim down.
How many degrees of burns are there?
A second degree burn is:
Loss of recent memory, disorientation, nausea and fluid from ears or nose are all signs of:
A head injury that includes signs of bleeding, fluid discharge and skin damage should be treated with immobilization of the spine.
When treating a nosebleed, you should:
A secondary assessment involves:
Chest wounds include injuries to the chest wall and ribs. These may include:
When treating an internal abdominal injury, you want to make sure you:
A hockey player falls head first into the boards. She can’t feel her hands or her feet. As the rescuer you should:
Whether or not a spinal injury should be suspected can be based on:
If a victim is having a seizure, you should place something between his teeth to prevent the victim from biting his tongue.
Signs and symptoms of seizures may include:
If you suspect a responsive victim is having a diabetic reaction, you should:
When dealing with a dental injury, a rescuer should try to salvage any lost or broken teeth.
You can be poisoned in the following ways:
You can get first aid information regarding a certain ingested chemical by:
After a rescue, support groups are available to address Critical Incidence Stress, for: